forgive
very few and company ladies travel
beyond no more then they are missing
some rare beauty you're not a soldier's
wife no I'm a painter affair yes
no none of many presumptuous but you did
that certainly look as that look at
someone filled with no intentions
where's the Missouri can be lethal she
came all the way from New York to paint
India I'm going to paint the Great Sioux
chief Sitting Bull that a fact
I've traveled many miles from the east
across many rivers and Hills for the
honor of speaking with you
you got a train from New York right yes
thanks
[Music]
you're not good at keeping still are you
shoot me then I will be still what would
be the point of shooting you bullets
don't seem to have any effect this is
what's my vision my soldiers thought I'm
from the sky Custer with his army they
tracked down every chief kill them all
except for you the only battle ever
fought against his insignificance to
Olivia that's what I wanted
do not give him reason out no one here
is forgot never forgiven least about the
7th Calvary said over now sitting both
dead you'll think that you and me are
planning some kind of uprising the
people need a sign with them to believe
in their own strength
they've been angry for a long time our
fear that is returned to the code is
about revenge
you idiots in Washington want to start
another war
free free don't mess across off this was
the general wanted all along to deep
then that's what the bull wants to know
terrible things have happened here in
the past I'm just here to paint painting
you
[Music]